Takumi Fujiwara has been forced by his father, Bunta, to deliver
tofu every morning since Takumi's first year of junior high school.
Though he reluctantly began driving at this early age, without
even realizing it he gained miraculous driving technique each day.
Then one day, while descending Mt. Akina upon
completing his morning deliveries, Keisuke Takahashi
of the Akagi RedSuns appeared before him.
Finally caught up, huh?
That's not from our team...
An MR2? A 180?
So you're pretty good, huh?
After two corners...
...you'll disappear from my rearview mirror!
It's an 86!?
Don't screw with me!
My FD can't outrun an old 86!?
Am I having a nightmare?
I'm the Akagi RedSuns number two!
Doesn't he know what's ahead?
After this slow right, there's a sharp left.
If you don't slow down, you'll go right into the ravine!
I warned you!
You're going too fast!
There isn't any more space to slow down!
What!?
An Inertial Drift?
I can't believe it...
Did I see the ghost of a racer who died on this pass?
Aiming to be the fastest team in Gunma,
the RedSuns challenge the Akina SpeedStars.
Knowing that the 86 is driven by
Takumi Fujiwara,
a shocked gallery looks on
as the battle for revenge begins.
Go!
I'm not going to hold back!
Pulling ahead in the'straights is low...
...but this is a time attack.
That 86 isn't going to be in my rearview mirror again!
What!?
The gap is shortening?
His car's getting closer?
It's just my imagination...
No way could something that impossible happen.
He caught up!?
What's happening?
I feel like I'm going insane!
To be caught by a less powerful car...
...is the biggest disgrace for a racer!
Shit!
Shit...
What's wrong?
Today of all days, the FD feels awfully slow!
Has the'secondary turbine stopped spooling!?
It's a hairpin turn and he's not slowing down?
What's he thinking!?
What was that, just now?
The racer who watched the battle was
Myogi Night Kids, Takeshi Nakazato.
Believing in the power of grip driving,
he challenges drifter Takumi and his 86
to a battle.
Can you keep up with my 'R'!?
With that'showy crab-like drift...
...there's no way you can keep up with me!
When you look at it from up close...
...it's like art, isn't it?
A full-throttle four-wheel drift with almost no countersteer.
I'm really impressed.
This is it. This is the feeling!
This high tension, it's like my blood is boiling!
Now this is a battle!
I'm going to go all-out to the end!
How long can you keep up!?
The 86 is going to pass.
You say he's going to pass...
...but if he's being blocked like that...
...how can he?
What? From the outside!?
Don't underestimate me!
You can't pass from the outside!
Because I'm blocking the inside so much,
my line is affected; the entry is slower!
Okay! The inside is mine!
The 86 disappeared!?
He couldn't be...
Takeshi's defeat pleases Shingo Shoji.
Aiming to be the Night Kids fastest driver,
and to defeat the 86 no matter what,
he uses an FF-favored
"Duct Tape Deathmatch" to his advantage.
Aren't we energetic?
But aren't you forgetting something?
Told ya...
Lucky!
I get it!
I've gotten the hang of this battle!
If I turn the wheel as little as possible, is it faster?
What's with that bastard?
He barely countersteered and cleared that corner.
But I'm not as weak as Takeshi!
Winning is winning, no matter how I do it!
That had to be a fluke.
I'm pissed!
He did that on purpose!
To scum like him...
...I absolutely won't lose!
Are you serious!?
The 86 is closing the gap!
That's impossible!
Do you think you'll make me give up the inside!?
No way!
Could he be bumping me like I did before?
Damn it!
I was passed...
I don't get this!
If I lose like this I'll be the laughingstock of the team.
But if I can bring home a tie...
...I'll maintain my honor.
Let's have this battle end...
...with a double crash!
Mako and Sayuki are Usui's fastest in their Sileighty.
Since Mako has decided to retire as a racer,
to battle the 86 as her last racing memory.
So Takumi heads to Usui's pass
for his very first away battle.
They're fast!
This is really dangerous.
Can I do this too?
He's pretty good, isn't he?
If he weren't, this wouldn't be any fun!
Mako!
We're almost to C=121, all right?
Start racing as best you can!
Someone who can enter as fast as I do...
...and clear it has yet to appear!
No oncoming traffic!
Make it flashy, Mako!
Okay!
Go!
Th-that's impossible!
I've finally awakened.
If I'm so mindful of his presence and keep looking back...
...I'll never be able to drive fast!
I won't look into the rearview mirror any more!
There aren't many remaining corners.
But until the end I'll make no mistakes.
I'll attack, attack and attack again!
I'll leave behind my regrets.
As the fastest on Usui pass...
...I'll risk my pride!
If you don't lose him here...
...there's no place left to do it!
I know.
The 86 isn't following.
Why?
Not good, Mako! You went in too fast!
Akagi's White Comet, Ryosuke Takahashi
sends out a challenge to Takumi.
However, Takumi can't decide what to do.
Later at Myogi Pass,
the battle of the Night Kids and Red Suns
has just begun.
Starting the countdown!
5!
4!
3!
2!
1!
Go!
He's tough!
The FD is fast in the corners.
On Myogi's uphill...
...I didn't think anyone could keep up with my 'R'.
His steering started to get aggressive.
Is he increasing his pace to pull away?
If he tried that on the downhill...
...his tires would undoubtably wear out.
It'started raining...
And the goal's so close!
When it just starts to rain is the most frightening.
Make a move and without warning...
...you suddenly lose control.
Let's go, bring it on!
That's reckless!
You can't go in at that'speed!
That idiot is going to go right into the wall!
The hill climb was interrupted by rain.
However, rain racing specialist
Kenta Nakamura of the Red Suns
gains the gallery's interest by
challenging Takumi to a downhill race.
There's absolutely no way I'll let you catch up.
I'll steadily widen the margin!
Is this the'speed of someone who
was just daydreaming about a girl?
I'm in my element!
Tonight I'm in perfect form!
Akina's 86's undefeatable streak ends today!
I will defeat the 86!
What!?
That's impossible...
To think that I...
...could this quickly...
...be caught on the downhill in the rain...
No.
It's not like I've lost yet!
Having experienced many battles this summer,
Takumi has awakened to racing.
Finally, he departs to battle Ryosuke.
I'm astonished...
The 86's movements are completely different from before.
When he'stabilizes the drift...
...the minimal countersteer is the'same as before, but...
...the countersteer immediately
following the turn-in is getting smaller.
He's evolving!
It's no good! I can't shake him!
That's too fast! You messed up...
Shit!
Turn!
What a reckless guy...
If he had a high-powered car...
...he could power-over to pull in the nose...
...but to think he did it in an 86...
I thought I'd be left behind if I got passed, but...
...surprisingly the gap isn't widening!
I still have a chance!
My tires are a little worn out...
...but it won't affect my technique.
Should I try that?
What dad was talking about before...
...the other kind of gutter run!
Okay...
Go!
What the hell did he do!?
There they are!
The FC is ahead!
Inside?
Outside?
From the outside!?
The FC is sliding outward!
Is he'serious!?
Even though the exit is much tighter...
...he went in so fast!
Their lines are going to cross!
Since Ryosuke's undefeated streak
had been broken by Takumi,
the infuriated Emperors decided to
challenge the 86 to a battle.
Though everyone said he couldn't win,
Takumi said he didn't want
to run away.
I'll show you...
...my power!
Look! From here on it'll be a high-tension full-throttle race.
I'll erase you from my rearview mirror!
He's fast!
What a fast car that is!
Should I do it? The gutter run?
What?
He's closing the distance between us?
That's impossible!
This is a complete disgrace!
I can't shake an 86?
I hadn't thought that the 86 could be this fast.
He's deep, this downhill guy...
Even with the gutter run's speed I'm being left behind.
There's no choice. Gutter run, part two...
Focusing on acceleration!
Here!
I won. There's nothing left!
Wh-what the hell is that!?
He's got the inside...
That's just an old, cheap piece of junk!
So what the hell is that'speed!?
Takumi is unsatisfied with winning on Akina.
Since Sudo Kyoichi of team Emperor
called him out to Akagi,
and since he learned Natsuki's secret,
he was overcome with anger and sadness
and headed for Akagi.
You had better watch, Ryosuke...
...for this battle is also a challenge from me to you.
He's right on my tail.
It's like I'm being hunted down.
That 86 is amazing!
He barely missed the guardrail buried by those bushes!
Shall we quit playing around?
I'll end this here.
You won't be able to escape my counterattack.
He's taking the corner from the outside.
The 86 is going to be overtaken!
Not yet...
I can't lose yet!
I'm not losing him.
He's keeping a fixed distance between us.
I'm surprised!
He's increased his pace after being overtaken.
That's quite an accomplishment...
...with such a piece of junk.
If you think about the acceleration
difference between an Evo and an 86...
...he's cornering faster than I am.
Even though I'm trying so hard to catch up in the corners...
...he easily pulls away on the full-throttle straightaways.
Is this the difference in power?
This is it.
From here I'll drive with full confidence!
It'll be over in an instant.
His driving style changed?
He's too fast!
He's pulling away!
Can I not catch up to him?
No matter what?
Takumi's precious,
beloved 86's engine is blown.
He blames himself incessantly for it.
"There's a huge, gaping hole inside my heart..."
The next day, the long-awaited battle between
The RedSuns and team Emperor has begun.
It's over.
He got the inside.
There's nothing you can do.
This will decide it.
Shit!
You bastard!
You won't have another chance to pass.
Following this race is a heroic battle in which
a miraculous course record concludes the'story.
Amidst the'strangely high tension,
burning with revenge,
the Emperor's ace, Kyoichi, and the
RedSun's ace, Ryosuke, finally
begin their downhill race.
I haven't forgotten, Ryosuke.
You probably already know...
...that for this battle...
...we're gambling all our faith on our techniques.
It'starts here...
...the progress I've attained from my
misfiring system and all-wheel drive!
I'll show you, Ryosuke...
...the results from my past year of racing practice!
His fighting strength is terrifying.
To be shown his serious racing ability...
...is truly astonishing.
Try attacking from any angle you can, Ryosuke.
My tires are still strong and clinging to the road tightly.
You've perfected a nice car, Kyoichi.
When you accelerate in a low gear, I get left behind.
But if it's a high speed corner, I have
a chance to take advantage of you.
It's strange that he's not trying to attack.
Has he forfeited?
Hahaha, there's no way.
He's definitely going to try to soon.
Kyoichi, your weakness is that you haven't
conquered your fear of right turns.
To put it bluntly...
...you suck at making right turns!
What!?
Ohh! The FC is attacking from the outside!
Amazing!
The Evo III is stuck and can't get in front!
Shit!
Even with my all-wheel drive and misfiring system...
...I can't fully use the engine's power!
He did it!
He made a comeback!
We won!
Unable to overcome the new
engine, Takumi finds Saitama's
fastest, Wataru Akiyama, before him.
Even with his race-prepped engine,
Takumi feels distant, spurring Wataru
to challenge him.
I'll watch closely from behind...
...this Gunma racer who is said to have never lost a battle.
This is really hard!
What kind of place is this!?
What is this?
Are my senses deceiving me?
It was so hard to control until yesterday...
I can control this.
I can drive my way!
This isn't the'speed of a racer who's
driving this course for the first time.
My whole body's going numb!
This guy is amazing!
The 86 is finally listening to me.
I want to win...
...I've never wanted to win so much.
No matter what, I definitely want to win with this car!
I get the feeling that as conditions become
worse, his driving inversely gets better...
But after all, he's human too.
The first to lose concentration loses the battle.
This is a contest of endurance!
I've gotten pretty exhausted.
But he must feel the'same way.
Even if he's slightly faster than I am, there's
no way he could pass me on this road.
The only way to lose is to be left behind.
What!?
There's more room on the bank than before!
Don't do anything stupid!
You can't pass on this course!
What a guy...
Ryosuke invited Takumi onto his new racing team,
but Takumi couldn't reply immediately.
So in order to test his newly reborn 86,
Takumi heads to Kyoichi's home course for a battle.
I see...
...so it's a little faster than before.
As opposed to a turbocharged engine,
it has unique NA acceleration.
But no matter how much he's tuned the car...
...it's still an 86.
I have 350 horsepower!
No matter what car comes, I won't lose here.
Just like Ryosuke is the king of Akagi...
...I'm the Emperor here.
I won't let my prey escape!
He's right on my tail.
Anyway, I have no choice but to do my best.
This downhill section will end soon.
The 86's lead will end there too.
There's no way he can escape my counterattack.
A bridge!?
Is the goal close!?
The'steep downhill section ends here.
From here on you need real power.
I'll show you how to win, Kyoichi Sudou style!
An illusion here makes the road look narrow...
...so you can't claim the outside line.
If I just stick my nose in a little bit...
The third bridge!
The inner and outer lines cross on the bridge.
For me it's the'same finish as always.
I see it!
Go!
What!?
Fool, do you want to kill yourself!?
You're going too fast! You can't turn!
I can turn!
Turn for me, my 86!
Can I'make it!?
Kyoichi had been Kai Kogashiwa's target, so Kai
decided to defeat Takumi instead.
It turns out, Kai's father and Bunta used
to be the fiercest of rivals.
Go!
He's fast!
That is definitely no ordinary 86.
This is perfect...
...just what I was wishing for.
I'm going to show this fast 86 how to pass from behind!
There's an awful lot of leaves on the ground...
...and to make matters worse, It's windy too.
If I'm not careful, I'may gain too much speed.
This is tough...
Instead of sliding like this, should I
make the car slide from this angle?
This is difficult.
A half-hearted trick alone won't be enough...
...what's important is the time and place that I do it.
I'm getting a bad feeling about this...
...he's going to try some kind of trick!
Right here!
Now that I'm in front, you have no chance!
I won this battle!
If it continues like this, the distance
between us is only going to grow.
Go!
What a guy!
He cleared the jump on his first try!
He's like a bundle of mountain pass-tuned senses!
By looking at the bushes on the'side of the road...
...I can see the how deep the gutter is!
This is it...
...my last chance!
What!?
What's this acceleration!?
What the hell did he do?
You bastard!
Here they come!
Who's in front?
They re neck-and-neck!
If their lines change at all, they'll both crash into the concrete wall!
With graduation in mind, Natsuki is eager to
make up with Takumi.
Around that time, her previous boyfriend Miki
takes Natsuki on a drive in his car.
Natsuki, seeking help, decides to call
Takumi, who rushes to Mount Akina.
Yes, hello?
Help me, Takumi-kun! The lake...
Hello?
Mogi?
Hello!?
Where are we going?
Just wait.
Until I'm satisfied, I'm definitely not giving you back.
Takumi-kun!
You're kidding, right?
Takumi-kun came...
...for me!
I was wondering what kind of car he
drove, and it's just a piece of junk!
After three more curves, his car will
be so far away we won't even see...
What?
That's impossible!
There's no way!
My all-wheel drive is losing to that FR piece of junk!?
If you don't watch the road you're going to crash!
How about this!?
That's no good.
It won't turn!
Please, don't hit me!
Takumi-Kun!
Takumi asks Ryosuke to battle him.
By racing Ryosuke on his home course
he hopes to find the answer
to whether or not he'should join the new team...
A battle with me?
Yes.
Please.
I think I'll find the answer I'm looking for.
Alright then, let's start!
Go!
I understand Fujiwara's feelings so well it almost hurts.
Right now you must be concentrating
only on racing intently to your limit.
I'll have you show me...
...your racing techique.
Amazing!
It's so amazing I'm going numb!
The FC and 86 are both amazing!
I can feel his racing aura!
Just as I thought, he's amazing!
Akina's pro is progressing at an incomparable rate!
The result of this battle doesn't matter...
...as long as they both race seriously, that's enough.
I'm really envious...
...that they can race together so seriously.
What a strange feeling...
...when I'm racing with you...
...I see new holes in my technique
that I thought were already perfect.
I never thought I'd have this much fun in a battle.
I feel so free.
I should follow in the footsteps of this person!
Takumi decides to join the ranks of Project D.
From now on, Takumi, who has shown progress
which impressed even Ryosuke, will be involved in...
Dedicated to Initial D World
Presented by OMFG
I did my best to keep subs close to the original
version. Unfortunately I had to make at least a
few edits and additions because this was a hard
sub extraction from an old avi file. They were
mostly positioning and coloring changes, along
with a couple timing adjustments.